<blockquote><p>Technology and witchcraft may seem like an unlikely pair, but for me, they are deeply intertwined.&nbsp;</p></blockquote><p>With over 16 years of experience in pharmacy, including the detailed knowledge of medications, healthcare design, and automation consulting, I've always been at the forefront of integrating technology to streamline processes and enhance efficiency.</p><p>My journey into tech and witchcraft began with a simple realization: modern tools could amplify ancient practices. From digital moon phase trackers to apps for organizing spells and rituals, technology offers witches unprecedented access to information and tools. My expertise in API development and project management allowed me to create custom solutions that blend seamlessly with traditional witchcraft.</p><p>One of my proudest achievements was developing a Pharmacy eForm Portal and automating benefit builds in the pharmacy systems. These projects honed my skills in creating user-friendly interfaces and efficient backend systems. Applying these skills to witchcraft, I began developing tools to help practitioners track their progress, manage their practice, and connect with like-minded individuals.</p><p>Currently, I am continuing my coursework in IT with a focus on CSS Animation. This additional training helps me bring innovative and visually engaging designs to the tech tools I develop for the witchcraft community.</p><p>Through "The Witch Magazine," I aim to demystify tech for witches, offering practical advice on integrating modern tools into their spiritual practices. Whether it's setting up a digital altar or using social media to build a supportive community, my goal is to make technology an ally for every witch.</p>